Update README.md (#4)
mesg-foundation/handbook: employees/README.md

List of tests
- [Developer](./tests/developer.md)

Hiring Process:

### Interview

Interview by video call or in person 

Interview objectives:
- Determine the candidate's ability to fit in the team
- Determine candidate's ability to deliver results 
- Measure motivation / excitement of the candidate about MESG and the position 
- Establish salary expections

- Depending on the position several interviews may be necessary, with the 3 founders plus the relevant team

### Remuneration

> After the interview process, an offer is made to the selected candidate. Once both partiess agree on the remuneration, it is recorded here [this document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EsEL8jrlZ45d4cXODXSmeZOH7GQHZpmVX3gxJ1zSTpQ/edit#gid=0)

Reviewer: typo on `partiess`

```suggestion
After the interview process, an offer is made to the selected candidate. Once both parties agree on the remuneration, it is recorded here [this document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EsEL8jrlZ45d4cXODXSmeZOH7GQHZpmVX3gxJ1zSTpQ/edit#gid=0)
```

#### Trello

Create a [Trello account](https://trello.com/signup) to be added to the relevant boards

#### Github

Create a [Github account](https://github.com/join) and watch the [handbook repository](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/handbook) to get notifications on changes in the MESG Foundation operating procedures

<iframe src="https://ghbtns.com/github-btn.html?user=mesg-foundation&repo=handbook&type=watch&count=true&v=2" frameborder="0" scrolling="0" width="170px" height="20px"></iframe>

#### Other

All employees get a cool MESG t-shirt and/or polo and some stickers :) YAY! 

## Bonuses

> Bonuses are calculated every quarter based on the work and objectives for this period

Reviewer: this is not every quarter but every 6 months, if you look at the table it's every two quarters
```suggestion
Bonuses are calculated every 6 months based on the work and objectives for this period
```

- **10%** of the bonus **30 months** later

::: tip

> Bonuses can be accumulated (??? - what does this mean? - how does this work and why would someone want to do this? not clear...)

Reviewer: this means that the bonus will be distributed over time (3 years) but a new bonus will come every 6 months. Maybe the table is just enough
